# MIMIC-III Waveform Database Matched Subset
This repository is used to demonstrate how to use MIMIC-III waveform database for continuous blood pressure estimation.\
I am working on continuous cuffless blood pressure estimation. There are just few databases which includes long-term Electrocardiogram (ECG), Photoplethysmogram (PPG) and blood pressure (BP) waveforms. And MIMIC-III database is the largest one with several different physiological signals which is great for cuffless BP estimation research or it can be used for benchmark of researches of this kind. The one used and demonstrated here is [MIMIC-III Waveform Database Matched Subset](https://physionet.org/content/mimic3wdb-matched/1.0/). This database contains 22,317 waveform records, and 22,247 numerics records, for 10,282 distinct ICU patients. These recordings typically include digitized signals such as ECG, ABP, respiration, and PPG, as well as periodic measurements such as heart rate, oxygen saturation, and systolic, mean, and diastolic blood pressure. This database is a subset of the MIMIC-IIIWaveform Database, representing those records of which the patient has been identified, and their corresponding clinical records are available in the MIMIC-III Clinical Database [^1]. This is great if you need detailed information from a patient, for example. the height and weight, gender, hypertension or not... For more information of MIMIC-III clinical database, please refer [MIMIC-III Clinical Database](https://physionet.org/content/mimiciii/1.4/).

Some explanition of this database and the usage of it can be found on the webpage of the database. However, I found it is not clear enough, so I will describe my steps to use this database and the problems and solutions I experienced.


[^1]: Moody, B., Moody, G., Villarroel, M., Clifford, G., & Silva, I. (2020). MIMIC-III Waveform Database Matched Subset (version 1.0). PhysioNet. https://doi.org/10.13026/c2294b.
